updated control the payload (#812)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/webhook/port-execution-agent/control-the-payload.md

deploying the
Port-agent container.

### Setting up the mapping

Setting up the mapping depends on how you install the agent.

<Tabs groupId="installationMethod" queryString defaultValue="helm" values={[
  {label: "Helm", value: "helm"},
  {label: "Argo", value:"argo"}
]}>

<TabItem value="helm">

> In order to provide the mapping configuration to the agent, run the installation command again, but at the end add `\` and add the following line below:

Reviewer: This is confusing, either:
1. Include a complete installation command and highlight the new flag
2. Include most of the installation command with some section with ... and then show how to add this additional flag
3. It is also possible not to mention the `\` at all and just say that the following additional parameter is requried

> ```

Reviewer: add showLineNumbers to all code blocks

> ```

Reviewer: use bash language tag

        --set-file controlThePayloadConfig
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="argo">

> In order to provide the mapping to the agent, add the mapping to the values.yaml created in the installation [here](https://docs.getport.io/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/webhook/port-execution-agent/installation-methods/argocd#installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide the mapping to the agent, add the mapping to the `values.yaml` file created in the installation [here](https://docs.getport.io/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/webhook/port-execution-agent/installation-methods/argocd#installation).
```

Below you can find the default mapping to use as a starting point:

> ```

Reviewer: This needs a yaml language tag

> controlThePayloadConfig: |

Reviewer: Should this be a top level field in the `values.yml` file? should it be someplace else? it is not explained and the user will not be able to understand

}
```

### Mapping examples

> Below you can find some mapping examples to demonstate how you can use JQ and the action payload to change the payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find some mapping examples to demonstate how you can use JQ and the action payload sent from Port to change the payload sent to your target endpoint by the agent.
```

In each mapping, we will show the relevant fields.

#### Apply a filter to the mapping

> Assuming you have a few different invocations method for your actions, you can create a mapping configuration that is only applied to actions that are of type `GitLab` like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you have a few different invocation methods for your actions, you can create a mapping configuration that is only applied to actions that are of a specific type.

For example, to create a filter that applies only to actions with the `GitLab` method:
```

> ```

Reviewer: add text language tag

"enabled": ".payload.invocationMethod.type == \"GITLAB\""
```

> This will apply the current mapping configuration only to actions that are of type `GitLab`.

Reviewer: This line can be deleted, it is redundant because of the paragraph above the code block

#### Create a URL based on a property

> Assuming a webhook invocation action is configured toward the url `http://test.com/`, and a number input in the action form named `port`, here is how you can construct the url:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming a `webhook` invocation action is configured to forward the request to the URL `http://test.com/`, and the action in Port contains a `number` type input called `network_port` meant to specify the network port to send the request to, here is how you can construct the complete URL using the URL and the additional input:
```

Reviewer: Very brave to have network port referenced just as the word port, in the documentation of a product called Port 🫠

```

> "url": ".payload.invocationMethod.url + .payload.properties.port"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"url": ".payload.invocationMethod.url + .payload.properties.network_port"
```

```

> Invoking the action with the input 80 to the property `port` will result with the agent sending the webhook request to `http://test.com/80`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoking the action with the input 8080 to the property `network_port` will cause the agent to send the webhook request to `http://test.com/8080`.
```
